[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This doorway here--
I want to talk about
these two doorways.
This doorway here between
the third and the fourth one,
that one can be opened in
many, many different ways.
But in everyday experience
here in the United States,
probably the way that a lot
of people have been opened up
is in a near-death experience.
A near-death experience will
show you where that doorway is,
and you find yourself
up in the higher realms.
And you're never the same.
If you don't make it-- if you
don't die and you come back
through--
you know that there
is more to the reality
than what you've been told.
And so then you will
be completely changed,
and you will start
seeking for that.
It's just an automatic thing.
You can't help it.
Because you know
that there's more.
Once you know, no one can
ever take it away from you.
There's other ways.
The Hindus have
learned a long time ago
how to do that
through meditation.
And so there's things
like Vipassana meditation,
where you sit for 18
hours in a meditation.
And in that kind of
stillness and letting
go of all of this world, you can
find the opening wave like this.
And there's other
kinds of meditation
that can find this opening
into the higher centers.
Many of the natural
peoples around the world
have used things
like psychedelics--
for example, the American
Indian chiefs, peyote.
And the psychedelics will
also open that doorway.
And the Americans in the 1960s
came across one that changed
the United States forever
and ever and ever--
will never be the
same after that.
And that was LSD 25.
And that one, 20 million
Americans tried that thing
and suddenly found
out a lot of--
there was a lot of people who
were wiped out from it also
because there was no training,
there was no initiation,
there was no nothing.
But they found out about these
higher dimensional levels.
And, of course, almost all of
those people turned right around
and became very spiritual.
If you go through all the
ranks and files of all the--
like Yogi Bhajan and the
Sikhs and blah, blah, blah
and all these things, people
who are not involved in drugs
or anything else at all--
but if you sit them down and
say, how did it all begin?
Because I did.
I've talked to lots and
lots and lots of people.
And they go, well, I
went to this party.
[LAUGHTER]
There is a vast difference in--
there's different
kinds-- just like if you
go into a drug store, there
are different kinds of drugs.
And all the drugs, like cocaine,
which we were talking about,
is one of the--
Gurdjieff used to
talk about that.
He felt, in terms
of spiritual growth,
it was probably the worst
thing you could possibly do.
Because it enhances the sense of
individualism and ego and, it's
also addicting.
And all of your pleasure drugs--
your opiums and your heroins
and all these kinds of things--
to do these is like
committing spiritual suicide.
It's really hard to
get back out of that.
And some of them, like crack,
is just about impossible.
>> I can relate to that.
>> Pretty hard.
But the psychedelics, on the
other hand, are not addicting.
And they have been used
all around the world
by almost every natural
person there are.
The Incas used San Pedro cactus.
The Egyptians, by the way--
though I never talk about it,
though it's all over the walls.
And papers have been
written about it--
they used a really
powerful one, a mushroom
called amanita muscaria.
And you see it all
over the walls.
And so when they put you--
in the final phase, they put
you in the casket in there,
they also gave you this
mushroom to find this door.
They were looking for you to
get out to the top doorway.
We don't need these
things with this.
With what we're
showing here, you
won't need any drugs
or anything at all.
This is powerful
enough all by itself.
You will be able to
experience the things directly
without anything at
all, absolutely clean.
>> That's what--
>> But we have to explain what
the rest of the world is--
can't just totally close
your eyes and all this stuff.
Yeah.
>> Just to comment on
the Reiki attunements--
seemed to have done that for--
there are many, many people.
It was that consciousness shift,
and it opened their worlds.
and secondly, I work with
cocaine-addicted women.
And I teach them to
meditate from their hearts
to their babies.
And I have found that that has
been the key to helping them
with their addictions, is
being in that heart space
and empowering them
in that heart space.
And it's totally gotten them
off of the cocaine and substance
abuse, which is a doorway.
>> Yeah.
Cocaine is-- you can
get off of that one.
And it's possible.
Certain ones, though,
are really hard.
Heroin is really hard.
I've never tried
any of those things,
but I've seen so many people.
And it's really hard for
them to get out of there.
But it's not a spiritual--
you're not going to find
your way to the higher worlds
through those things, for sure.
You're just not going to do it.
Anyway, as Gurdjieff
would say, there
has to be some kind
of outside source.
This is what he means by
a near-death experience,
or a meditation, or a
psychedelic, or something that
shows you the way up
into these higher--
finds this doorway,
this opening.
It's an opening in you.
It gets up there.
And then once you get up
there, there's another one.
And this is what the
Merkaba is all about,
to show you this
doorway right here.
It's a meditation
that will show you how
to get up into the next levels.
And we're going to do that.
We believe, as a planet, we
have kind of chosen a way--
though there are other ways.
And that way has to do--
the different worlds are
all separated by 90 degrees.
>> I wonder if you could make
comments about individuals that
I'm aware of-- and I'm sure
many in the room are aware of--
who are not necessarily
going up from the base on up
but have come in
fully into their heart
with their heart fully open--
>> Do you mean born that way?
>> Born that way.
And they have to deal with
maintaining their consciousness
in staying connected
with the Earth
and have to deal
with actual leaving.
I cannot tell you how many
people crossed my path who are
in that space--
so fully in their heart.
And they have to learn to
be connected with the Earth
and then bring in
the information
and integrate it with it here.
They're already open.
And so if you could
comment on that, please.
>> It's just called wisdom.
It takes time.
I don't really know.
I mean, it's hard.
Because we live in a world--
from Wilhelm Reich, if you're
familiar with his work--
>> Oh, yes.
>> He pretty much saw
that there was a disease.
His way of looking
at it was that there
was a disease that
swept the world
and that we're not
in a normal state.
And so what happens
in a normal state
is where we come
into this world,
and we have an open heart.
When we first come in,
we're just children.
We're babies.
We just want to love each other.
But the world's already
sick, from his point of view.
So this innocent little baby
walks up to another little kid
and says, hi.
And the little kid goes, wham.
[LAUGHTER]
And the little innocent
one goes, whoa.
And what happens is,
there's a constriction
of your nervous system.
And the pain that you felt from
that while your heart was open--
because it's very painful
to have something like that
happen--
you hide it in your
muscles somewhere.
You stick it down in some
muscle down in there.
It tightens up so you
don't have to feel it.
And also, there's this
constriction here.
There's also an area in your
aura that gets toughened,
you might say.
And there's an aura in
your crystalline structure
out here, out in the
furthest realms of here,
that gets a distortion in it.
And the distortion can be
a hole or a little bump
or a plane or something
else like that,
which we were actually able
to pick up with the computers.
And so this just
keeps happening,
until finally, we
end up with what
Reich calls an armor around us.
We get this toughened-up
shell around us
so you can do anything, man.
It doesn't hurt you anymore
because your heart's closed up,
and you're closed off.
And so much of Reich's
work was how to live--
exactly the thing.
How do you live in this world
with all this stuff that's
coming at you all the
time that's not nice
and still keep an open heart?
And that's kind of the question.
How do you do this?
The Merkaba will-- if you
can get into the Merkaba
and know it, then you can
insulate yourself in such a way
that you can keep
your heart open
and the things won't bother you.
But if the person
doesn't know that, then--
well, Reich did figure
out a system of--
at least, from someone who
was already armored up--
figured out a system
called orgonomy.
And it's the finest
system that I've ever seen
of healing that I've ever seen.
In fact, I experimented
with it a long time ago.
I went with it for about a year
and a half to see what it was.
And it was extraordinary.
And Reich didn't know
about the chakra system,
except that he had developed
mirrors that would reflect life
force energy and was able to
calculate it and measure it
in instruments that
could measure it.
And so he discovered that
there were these centers
in the body that--
he gave them other names.
I don't remember.
He didn't know about the
Eastern philosophy beliefs.
And in the beginning, he figured
out how to open these things.
Because they found them
all constricted and closed.
And he figured out
how to open them,
and he could [AUDIO OUT]
how to open the bottom one.
But when he got
to the second one,
which was the
sexual energy, which
allowed the Kundalini--
all this energy to rise.
Then when he opened
that one up, I
think it was--
several people died.
And they died of an orgasm--
great way to go, I guess.
[LAUGHTER]
Because it was so much energy
that it [IMITATES EXPLOSION]
blew everything out.
And so he started by framing
it, well, I'll go to the top.
He didn't even realize--
a lot of it was in--
he went to the eyes.
And he learned how
to unlock the eyes.
Because our eyes
are locked also.
Our eyes can't move very well.
Our eye energy, because
of this stuff that's
been going on from the
time we were conceived of--
and even when you're
in the womb, all
the way out-- especially
all the way up-- to anytime
you're conceived up
to about 12 years old.
That's when most of it happens.
Your eyes get locked, and
you can't really move them.
And they'll have you
spin your eyes like this.
Or you can spin them around.
And you can get them this
way and back the other way
and get them loosened
up and working around.
And they open up this
chakra down here.
And then they start coming down.
They open up all the centers.
And then they open up the
sexual center and found out it
didn't kill people, that
they could handle the energy.
But then after they did that,
then they found that once
they got the central column
opened up and everything,
you could handle
the kind of flows.
Then they try to deal with
the actual armor itself.
And the experience
is remarkable.
I went through with a
group of about 30 people,
and we all had we all
real similar expenses.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Plus everything--
>> It was expensive--
>> I don't know--
>> --about $120-an-hour
experiences.
You lay on this table
in a soundproof room.
And this-- my
doctor was a woman.
You lay there.
You take your clothes off.
But she wasn't really
looking at the body.
She was looking at
the aura and the way
the energy fields would
come out of the body.
And you'd just be
sitting there and just
laying there on this thing.
Doo, doo, doo, doo.
And she'd just be
sitting over there,
and she'd look at you for
about 10 or 15 minutes.
And she'd watch, watch,
watch, watch, watch.
And then she'd just go over
somewhere near your body
and go--
and that was it.
And, really, that's all
she would do, just make
a little circle like that--
and usually a little, tiny one,
like that.
And you'd be sitting there.
And all of a sudden,
this wave would come up.
And within a few seconds,
whatever it was that she just
released-- whatever that pain
was that you felt that happened,
that you tried to hide before--
comes up.
And you can't stop it.
And it's uncontrollable.
And it just starts coming out.
And it's just, like,
in waves that are--
I'm sure that these
waves are every bit as
strong as childbirth.
It's so powerful.
And they come up,
and they come up.
And they'll keep coming
up for about an hour
to an hour and a half
to sometimes two hours,
until they finally
start receding.
And you feel the incredible
pain that you felt
when you were a little baby.
And when it's all over, you
feel like you're floating.
I always wanted to see if I was
actually off the table or not.
But I couldn't move
anything, so I couldn't tell.
But I was sure I was floating,
because I felt so good.
It felt so good to get that out.
And they would do
that every week.
I remember, I used
to ride motorcycles.
And I'd drive to this thing.
But when I came home,
it was like flying.
And so just every
turn, you would
be so sensitive to everything.
But then just within one
week, just in that one week,
you would start to
desensitize again.
And they'd have to go through
it all over again until they
finally break down all
these energy things,
and you get to begin to breathe.
And so the only thing I know--
I don't really know
what to tell you,
except that the connection
with the higher self--
if they can make that connection
and you can get in trust,
then you know that you're beyond
this, that you're immortal.
You know that you're
not going to die,
that you can survive
all this stuff.
And you know that you're more
powerful than the disease--
then you can keep
your heart open.
Let's just have three
people sitting on a hilltop,
and a UFO flies
right up to them.
A real one comes
right up to him.
And one person
says, look at this.
Holy cow.
It's only 10 feet away.
And the other two go,
I don't see anything.
And you could say to yourself,
how can that possibly
be, that a real object
can be sitting there
and they look right through
it, as though it's not there?
We've had an actual recorded
incident in history--
recorded in history-- of this
exact thing, very similar.
And what's it called?
The Magellan,
circumnavigator terra--
>> Cannon ships.
>> Yeah.
He landed somewhere
in South America
with all these big sail ships.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Yeah.
Well, it's a real, real
important story to realize--
that there's even one person
here who hasn't heard it.
These big sail ships
landed out in--
the big ones for the huge
ships and all this stuff--
came in as close as they could
to the shore to somewhere
in South America.
I think it was around
Chile, actually.
I'm not sure.
And they got in these
rowboats and came ashore.
And when they did, they were
met by all these Indians,
this whole tribe of Indians.
And they're all standing
there on the shore,
trying to communicate, probably.
So how did you get here?
And Magellan was
trying to tell them
they came s these
big ships, which
are just, like, right there.
You can see them right there.
The Indians couldn't
see those ships.
They could see the
boats they came in on,
but they could
not see the ships.
They saw right through them.
They weren't visible to them,
except for two or three of them.
And those were the
medicine men who
were used to working in
fourth-dimensional level.
And those guys
could see the ships.
But the ordinary people, there
wasn't anything in that water.
Because it was beyond
their imagination.
It was simply beyond
they can see the boats
that came in-- that
wasn't really beyond their
imagination-- but not the ships.
And it's exactly the same
thing today in the people--
with UFOs.
If it's beyond your
ability to accept
or beyond your imagination,
you won't see it.
Your mind will just erase it.
It's the same way with
sounds and things like that.
We've got all kinds of sounds
moving through this building--
high-pitched,
squeak, real loud--
all kinds of sounds.
We just erase all that stuff.
We don't want to hear it.
This is another way that
we can block things out.
We don't want to see something.
And so a lot of
your angelic realms
and the ETs and UFOs and all
these kinds of stuff like that,
it's whether or not you can
accept it, if your belief
patterns will allow it in.
And then, even if
you can allow it in,
is it beyond your imagination?
Can you perceive
of something that's
so far outside of
your imagination
that you can't even
conceive of it?
Then you just--
Area 39, it doesn't know
how to function with that.
It just doesn't turn on.
Yeah?
>> I have a question about the
heart chakra and the importance
of it, when we do the exercise,
and how important it is--
that you said-- to
have an open heart.
Now, for people who have the
problem with that because of--
since childhood, they may
have had closed their heart.
What type-- is there
any exercises besides--
OK, looking at the
two dots, you said--
>> Well, those kind--
that's not going to be enough.
>> No.
>> So if you've got real
problems with your emotional
body, then to
really work with it,
that's going to be an area that
you may have to go out and seek
help or something to
start working with.
There's a lot of
things out there.
Again, orgonomy is one
of the finest ones.
Well, waveform will help you.
But if you've got
emotional blocks--
if you've got physical,
emotional blocks and things
out there-- you need to somehow
work through this stuff.
And I'm going to bring
my nephew in here
tonight for about 15 minutes.
I'll let him talk to you.
[LAUGHTER]
He's not the only one that
does these kinds of things.
Let me just put out
a little bit here.
There are various ways
to work with this.
So you could go
through something
like what I did with orgonomy.
Or there's Rolfing.
See, the Rolfing, for
example, what they discovered
was that you got the blocks
out here and in here,
but they're also in the muscles.
And so Ida Rolf decided, well,
let's just go inside there
and go directly to it-- which
is a little more painful,
but that's another way that
you could approach getting rid
of some of these things.
There are other ways too,
and there's lots of them.
And there's one that's been
developed in the last few years,
which is called hypnotherapy.
that is reaching its kind
of maturity right about now.
For a while, they were kinds
of learning what all of this
was about.
And so one of the problems
that a lot of people
have-- first of all, I'll
just explain real quickly what
Ken does, or people like Ken.
The first thing they do--
like, what Ken does is,
he lays you down, he touches
you, and you go into a trance--
just like that, only it's
a different kind of trance
than that you would
normally think of.
And you communicate usually
through your fingers,
because that's about
all you can move.
And the very first
thing that he'll do
is go in and make direct contact
with all these entities that
are in there, if you have any.
And almost everybody does.
And that is a
remarkable experience,
to have them talk through while
you're sitting there listening.
And these things are
snarling up your face
and growling at him and
all this other stuff.
You can't believe this is coming
out of you or someone else.
And he'll go right in
there and get them all.
They'll come out and
give their names.
It's interesting.
You ask how long
they've been in there.
I've watched him
do about 40 people,
and I couldn't believe this.
It makes the whole hair
on the back of your neck
stand up there.
And he'll come in
there and get--
they'll come in, and
they'll talk through,
and they'll find
out who they are.
And then they'll ask how
long they've been in there.
And you'll hear these things
of 8,000 years, 10,000, 500--
long periods of time they've
been connected with that person.
And just to explain it,
that's what he does.
He takes the-- he actually--
I don't know what
he does anymore.
He used to make
this golden pyramid.
We actually saw this
happen when he first
began this years and years ago.
He would get the
energy to come out,
but someone else would be on the
end of the room, watching him.
They'd go--
[LAUGHTER]
And the entity start
talking out through person.
[LAUGHTER]
And then he'd have to run
over there and get that one.
So they learned to make
this golden octahedron.
And then he brings the
angelic realms down.
He used to.
I don't know what
he does anymore.
And that would bring the entity
and lift it out of the body
and take it into the
proper dimensional level.
And you would see a total
change in the person's face.
It's just like you're in
there by yourself now.
But sometimes it's not just one.
I remember one lady
he had down there.
This is a sweet little lady.
She said, I don't know if I
really believe in this stuff
and laid down and--
holy cow.
[LAUGHTER]
These things just
kept coming out
and coming out and coming out.
It's, like, 30 or 40
of them, just kept
coming out, coming out--
totally different voice,
totally different
expression, different names.
And he just kept
pulling them out.
If you've had a lot
of certain drugs--
especially like heroin,
things like this-- you
can have hundreds
or more in there
because you really
lay yourself open
for certain things like this.
But anyway, that's
the first level.
He'll go through and get
all those things out,
if you have any.
And then the next thing is, if
you have very definite blocks
from past lifetimes, things
that have happened to you
that you still hold, the
real traumatic things--
like, you got your head
cut off or your hands
cut off or stabbed
or shot or blown up
or these kinds of things--
you'll usually hold those
energies in yourself,
around you.
And Ken can just go
over and feel them.
He doesn't lead you
there or say anything.
He'll just feel them and
just say, what's here?
You'll immediately go back
to the time and be there.
And he will work through those
things and get rid of them, one
by one.
So once he gets all
those things out of you
and then works through all
the past life stuff, which
takes a while, then
you're in a position
where you can start working
with the emotional stuff that
has occurred in this lifetime.
And then once you went through
all that karmic stuff, then
usually, what's been
happening lately
is something real incredible.
And I'm not going to
tell you what it is.
We'll maybe let him see
what he says about it.
I don't know.
I wouldn't bring it up unless--
it's something you wouldn't
really think was exciting.
And it seems to be happening
with hypnotherapists.
It's all over the place,
not just him-- lots of them.
What should we ask him?
But I'll tell you, this is
not my expertise or my area.
In fact, I don't even like
to be in the same room
when this guy is working--
or in the same city,
if I can help it.
But somebody's got to do it.
And he loves it.
How he does it.
He loves to get in there and
do battle and do these things.
And so I don't know.
You could talk to him
when he gets here.
And it sounds like it's going
to be more than 15 minutes.
This group sounds like--
I may lose the group here to--
[LAUGHTER]
But it is in a real important
part of all of this.
And it's a very,
very deep subject.
There's a lot to it.
We've just slightly
covered the whole subject.
And this all started with--
Elizabeth was talking about
how to keep your heart open.
And it is a real--
it is the whole thing.
Even if you're totally
healed, and you
got it all there--
there you are,
totally healed and
everything-- you've
got to figure out how to be
able to move through this world
and not let it happen again.
And the Merkaba will do
a great deal of this.
Once you can get to the
level where you can actually
create the Merkaba and a living
Merkaba field around you,
you'll be OK after that.
You can move right
through anything.
You can go right in through
the middle of anything.
It doesn't make any
difference at all.
And it won't affect you.
No spirits can come into
you, none of these things.
Nobody can direct
thoughts at you.
Nobody can do anything.
And they can't harm you in
any of those kinds of ways.
But we got to get there.
And that's the part,
is this last little bit
of how to get that
field truly created
around every single person.
>> Once you've
created the Merkaba,
if you haven't gone through any
of these processes to release
these entities, would the
lightning and the energy be
so great that they would simply
be driven off at that point?
>> Well, if you haven't cleared
yourself of all these things
and you've got entities and
you're doing the Merkaba work,
you're going to be real limited.
I don't think the
Merkaba will be--
it'll never get
to the place where
it's a living field on its own.
And whether or not you have
really created that thing,
I don't think you're going to
be able to do that until you're
clear on all those
kinds of levels.
So you've got to work
through all that stuff.
This is an extraordinary
state we are in here.
This is not normal.
It's not natural.
This doesn't normally
happen in nature.
Normally, we're
like little babies
that get to grow up nice
and clean and easy and all
the way through.
And then we have the
Merkaba all the way through
from the beginning.
And we don't have
all these kinds
of incredible negative
distortions and things that are
being flown at us all the time.
And so--
>> Couldn't a person kind of
bootstrap themselves and just
make such a solid connection
with their higher self and go
through such a solid series of
affirmations and whatever that
they could just drive those
things away and reclaim their--
>> You can do--
>> --sovereignty?
>> --you have the ability
to do anything at all,
if you believe it.
[LAUGHTER]
And if you really trust and
feel the power of yourself, yes,
you can do anything at all.
You can heal anything.
You can solve any
problems at all.
But if you don't think you can--
and maybe all your
life, you haven't--
when you do make a contact
with higher self, higher self--
realizing you're kind of stuck--
may say, Why don't you go
talk to this guy over here?
or something like that.
But the truth is, you always--
you have God within you.
The creator that created
everything in existence,
including the demons and
everything else, is within you--
is you, really, on
the deepest level.
There is nothing
that you cannot do--
but only if you can
get to that place
where you can truly
believe in yourself
and who you are and take action.
>> By yourself--
>> That's right.
And even the reality itself--
higher self can actually
work for the very reality
itself in all kinds of ways
that you might not
even imagine right now.
And it's going to
lead into a point
where we're going to talk about
the ankh and their concepts
and ideas, a little bit on
that and what they meant by,
it was the key to life.
I can't go into this
in great detail.
But, again, I'm just laying
out little keys and pieces
and things here.
And you're going to have to
go deeper within your own self
to find the full opening.
Almost all these subjects, you
can sit here and talk for days.
And all I can do is just
kind of cross over them.
So this chakra
system is pretty much
what you see in most books
and things like that.
But in music, it's
not just an octave.
There are the five
black keys on a piano.
And so there's really 13 notes.
And what we found
purely from science
when we were checking
the chakra system
is that there are 13
chakras running up the body
and that the chakras
are topographically,
on the body, 7.23
centimeters apart.
And from the tip of your nose
to the tip of your chin--
or across your eyes, if
you want to jab them out--
this one's easier.
Take the tip of the nose
to the tip of your chin
and get that distance.
And you got to lay down on a
bed or something like this.
You can try this.
And you put one
finger at the perineum
and just come up around.
Then where that hits on the
body, if you went straight in,
is where the second
chakra is going to be.
And then when you come up that
same distance from that point
again--
and you can try this--
when you come back up,
your thumb is going to go
right inside your navel, which
is where the third one is.
And then when you
come up again to here,
it's going to come up
to the solar plexus.
It'll hit right in the mouth
of the solar plexus, which
is the fourth.
You come up again.
And this is the sternum
chakra, the number five.
And, again, you'll
come to the heart.
And when you do it
again, you'll come
right to the Adam's
Apple, which is number--
5, 6, 7.
And then from the Adam's Apple,
it will come to the chin.
The chin is a chakra.
The Hindus talk about it.
The only one that's
really gets into it--
the one who thinks it's very,
very important-- is Yogi Bhajan.
He talks about the importance
of the chin chakra.
And from there,
it goes to the tip
of the nose, which is another
chakra, which is-- this is 8, 9.
And from here, it will
go to the third eye,
which we're familiar
with, which is number 10.
And from 10, it goes to what
we call a 45-degree chakra.
It's at an angle.
It comes down in here,
which is actually
connected to the pineal
gland also, which is 11.
And then from there to the top
of the head, which is sometimes
called the crown
chakra-- number 12.
And number 13 is at
the top of the head.
There's also a mini
chakra from the top
of the chin to the top of
the head, another one which
you saw on him.
They're closer together.
I'll show you that
one in just a moment.
And according to the Egyptians,
there's not one chakra there,
but there's five in a row.
There's five total
different channels.
And the five rotate up
from one chakra to the next
by 90 degrees.
They ratchet.
They go-- first one's
this way and this way.
And if I can move
my hand around--
and this way and this way,
you know, [CLICKING TONGUE],
just like--
remember the drawing of light?
Well, that drawing of light
happens to be exactly--
that's this one.
My button's moved it around.
Here it is, this one here.
I don't have it on
the screen right now.
But this one is an area--
if you were to look at a
human being from above,
that happens to be one of the
complex patterns of the body.
And the chakras move
according to light,
exactly the way light
moves, moving up there,
each one being 90 degrees
away from the next one, 17.2
centimeters apart.
And so there's five
channels, and I'm
going to describe what they are.
And it's going to
very lightly show you
how the body conforms to
these rotating patterns
as it moves up.
You'll intuitively
see what I'm saying.
I mean, you could sit down and
very carefully work it all out
and see a lot more than that.
But this will be
enough, I think,
to get an idea of
what the body does.
The first channel is
at the perineum itself.
And it goes straight
up the body,
absolutely straight as an arrow.
It is this big around.
If you take your
thumb and middle--
the longest finger--
and connect it together,
the size of that opening--
if you had some object that you
can just lightly put around,
that's how big around
that is, the tube.
And it is as straight
as a fluorescent tube.
It stretches all the
way up into the top
of the crystalline
structure above your head
and below your feet.
It runs all the way up
through the whole body.
And so you just have
this straight shot
from top to bottom.
This is the base
of the spine here.
But that one keeps on going, all
the way down to below the feet.
Now, I have no choice here.
I have to be a little graphic in
order to describe these things.
If you're looking from
underneath a person,
whether it's male or female,
there's the central tube.
And these tubes are overlapping.
They're large energy of tubes.
And they're overlapping,
like Vesica Pisces, OK?
So it'd be like
there's five circles,
but they're overlapping.
They're bigger, that they
overlap over top of each other.
You go back from the
perineum, back to the anus,
and it's another channel.
And it moves up the spine
not in a straight line,
but it moves like this.
And then directly behind the
anus, you go back to the coccyx.
You have the spinal
column coming down.
And you have the sacrum,
which is a triangle.
And now the sacrum
is this little tube
that comes down, which comes
down and meets on the same plane
as the anus and the perineum.
And your entire spinal column
is focused at that point.
And there's this
whole thing, which
I don't know if I'm going
to get into a whole lot
right now, but--
let me see if I've got it here--
this one here.
An angle creates a natural,
measurable frequency,
so megahertz, which
you can measure.
So does a rod, like this.
If you have a rod, there is a
wavelength, standing wavelength,
that will come from tip to tip.
And you can measure the
frequency coming off of it.
If you shorten it,
you're going to get
a higher wavelength-- shorter
wavelength but higher frequency
off of that.
And you can measure
coming off of both tips.
People have done that.
This is DJ Nelson's work.
And they have all--
I'll only put one
more thing here.
So with every rod length,
there is an angle.
So anything that has a sharp
point on it, like that,
has a frequency that
you can measure.
It comes off of it,
just by its shape.
And so from 0 to 360 degrees,
there is a different frequency.
And these are all listed on
here, these pages and pages
of this, of all the
different frequencies that
come off of there.
And with every angle, there is
a rod length associated with it.
So you can either
use a rod or an angle
to produce these things.
And if you look--
what the Egyptians used,
though, was primarily rods.
And they did everything.
The Egyptian philosophy
could do anything and just
about everything you can
imagine with just a stick.
They were just made out of wood.
We've looked at over 200 of
these and took photographs.
They're usually just
made out of wood.
It doesn't make any difference
what it's made out of.
You remember-- who was it--
Moses took his thing down
and turned it into a snake?
And the thing is, thy rod and
thy staff will comfort thee.
It was an ancient science
that we've long forgotten.
But we were studying this.
And they would put,
again, these tuning forks
in it, which is another thing,
and these various things that
can go on the top.
One of them was an ankh.
One of them was the 45 degree.
One of these various
things would go on there.
They put an ankh on there, by
the way, and you strike the rod.
What happens is, it
just keeps increasing
as it circulates the energy
back into the rod again,
which is one of the keys about
which we're about to talk about.
Well, anyway, the
spine comes down.
And then here's this angle, this
triangle coming off of there.
I tried to find someone
who could figure out
what that angle is.
I figured somebody
must have measured--
some doctor somewhere.
I don't think anybody's ever
thought about it, because we
couldn't find it anywhere--
went through all kinds of stuff
and couldn't find it.
We finally had to go get
a couple of skeletons,
these real ones that they use.
And we got one male and one
female and looked at them.
And just thus, we could try
to measure what it was at.
And it was right at 52 degrees.
And we don't know for sure,
just measuring two of them,
but it was real
close to 52 degrees.
And we were thinking,
it's probably--
just because it
is so close to it.
That's the angle the
Great Pyramid is--
51, 51.
It's almost 52 degrees.
It may be related to that.
Because we do have the
actual entire shape
of the Great Pyramid around
our body in its perfection.
Anyway, the whole spinal
column comes down here
and focuses on this point.
And it has a flow of energy of
the chakra, not up the spine,
but up the chakra
system that swings wide.
It goes like this, like that.
That's whether you're
male or female.
If you're female, then the one
in front of that is the vagina.
And the one in front of
that is the clitoris.
If you're male,
instead of the vagina,
it's the opening
inside the scrotum.
And instead of the
clitoris, it's the penis.
But the first one, the vagina
opening, comes like this.
And the clitoris or
penis is a wider swing--
comes out like
this to go on to--
now you have to turn each
one of these by 90 degrees.
So this one's facing that way.
This one's facing out.
This one's facing back.
This one's facing that way.
You understand what
I-- does everybody
understand what I mean?
You turn each one-- so you make
this pattern going up like that.
Now I'll just show
you what I mean by--
they have these
angular directions.
Everything at the
base of the spine
is all flowing in this
direction and out that way
toward the front.
You have a full direction going
out that way and in this line.
You've got the
coccyx coming down
near the anus and the
perineum, the vagina.
The vagina is a Vesica Pisces,
and it's flowing that way also.
You have the penis, which
also moves that way.
And the opening of the penis
is also a Vesica Pisces,
moving that way.
Everything is in line,
facing out that direction.
And then this whole thing comes
up, 7.23 centimeters, rotates.
And if it's male, it
would go this way.
If it's female, it
would rotate that way.
Or it goes over this
way, at which point--
we'll just pick one thing.
Right at that
level in there, you
see the ovaries
come out like this--
over here.
The next one comes up
and rotates this way.
Now you have a directional
going this way at the navel.
You can see the umbilical cord
coming out that way again.
It'll come up again one more
time to the solar plexus.
The solar plexus
is a Vesica Pisces
facing this way, like that.
It's just like a little
mouth, only it's facing out
in this direction here.
And then it rotates one
more time to right here.
This is a very special place.
And the reason that
it's very special place
is because it's the
place of completion.
The first one was
pointing this way.
That's the front of it.
The next one pointed
over this way.
That's the second chakra.
The third chakra, the
navel, pointed this way.
The fourth one, the solar
plexus, pointed this way.
And the fifth one
here points back.
It comes full circle.
And so this is the first time
that this one here has the--
it has both.
It has the awareness
of all planes now.
And so this place is real
special, the fifth one.
It's the first musical octave.
It's five notes, the
pentatonic scale also.
And so it hits right here.
And this one has both.
And so, you see, the breaths
are separated this way.
But they also go that
way at the same time.
Right here, just that spot
that we're talking about--
right in the center,
that place right there,
which is the place of
Christ consciousness.
And in that spot, if you
drew the line coming down
the center, which I don't
have on this one here,
you would see what appears
to be like a Christian cross.
You see it?
Top in this line here, and
imagine a line coming straight
down the middle--
be the cross.
That's an actual energy
field line that's there.
But the cross is not-- like, a
Christian cross you think of it
going like this, just--
OK.
You think of this
like that, which
is the energy field of that.
But because of what we
just talked about, of this,
it also has a line
coming out from there.
So there is an arm of
energy that comes out
in the tetrahedral field, goes
out this way and out the back,
as well as out that way.
And so if you were to look at
it from above, looking down,
what you would see is- this.
Everybody get that?
Both of these are
symbols for Christ.
They're both different views
marking the same place.
What it took the Egyptians
a long time to realize--
and was one of the primary
keys to their unfoldment--
as they studied these
energy fields very,
very carefully was that if
you look at the human body
from the front, at
that particular chakra,
this is what you see.
If you look at it from the
top, that's what you see.
But if you look at
it from the side--
if you come over here
and look at that--
then you would see an
arm coming out into space
and going into the back.
So the bottom part of
it would look like this.
In other words, you
wouldn't see this arm.
This arm would become a dot.
The arm that comes out into
space would look like that.
Does everybody see that so far?
But this top arm here has
another component to it.
And it was not known
for a long time.
But the component is a
curve that passes through.
It goes from here through the
13th chakra and back again.
And that curve looks like
this, which is called the ankh.
Now, if you were to rotate the
ankh in its full 3D and turn it
again, it would look like this.
And this view-- and these
two are exactly the same.
If you look at
this one this way--
but that ankh, which is a curve,
actually becomes a straight line
when seen from the side.
Now, there is a line running
through the middle of this,
like that.
And I'm going to show
you one more symbol now,
which you'll realize is
another symbol for Christ.
And it will probably tie
all these things together.
You've probably seen this one.
You've seen this one?
Who hasn't?
Who's never seen that?
It's a very Catholic
symbol, right.
It's about as Christian
as you can get.
Well, if you think--
well, I retract that.
It depends on who you are.
But it goes way back there.
And it's showing the cross, the
three-dimensionality of that
point, the line
running up the middle,
and the piece of the
ankh that is on there,
showing all the various--
all three of these things
combined into one image.
So if you asked ask a Christian
priest what that meant,
I really doubt if
they could tell you.
All they'd know is that it's
a symbol, an old symbol.
[LAUGHTER]
And here's another thing
I want to read to you.
This is from Richard
Noone's book, May 5, 2000,
whatever it is.
In the ancient Greek alphabet,
the letter P symbolically
represented a man,
number one, who,
having overcome his lowest
nature, his sexual center,
joined his emotional
nature, his heart center,
with his intellectual
center in his physical body.
And P thus represented a man
in control of his physical,
emotional, and mental nature--
thus, the letter P itself.
And so many of the Greek
people who understood this
changed their names to
start with the letter
P, such as Pythagoras and
Plato and Pliny and Prometheus
and many, many others.
They all changed the name to
begin with that letter P because
of the relationship of
what it meant to what
we're about to talk about.
OK, what I'm about to tell you
is what it is really all about.
And I studied for two years
with TSOTH and his wife on this
and studying tantra.
And I'm not going to--
this is not my job here
to go deeply into it.
I just want to remind
you of something,
and you can remember it later.
But many of the
Hindu systems feel
that if the male ejaculates,
that they have just
died a little bit.
And so there is this
whole thing where
he's not supposed to do that.
And they have either
invented-- if they
are true or not-- these
particular tubes that
are supposed to take this
up and bring it up around.
No one's ever found these tubes.
And whether it's even
true, I don't know.
But according to
Egyptian philosophy,
they don't feel that
that is necessary at all.
The problem, in terms
of pure electronics,
is that at the moment the
male or the female has orgasm,
the energy will either
be sent up or down.
Some people send it
down, believe it or not.
But what happens is, it goes
to one of the poles, either
the North or the South Pole.
And if you do that, you
do die a little bit.
You ground out that energy,
and you just lost it.
And to continue that process,
from an Egyptian point of view,
leads to death.
However, there is a way that it
can be done where it does not
lead to death.
And, in fact, it does
just the exact opposite.
Instead of losing
energy, it causes
you to gain energy and
increase your strength
and your spiritual nature.
And without going into the
complexity of this whole thing--
because they made you
learn how to do it
through all these
systems-- just thinking
of a central tube
running up the middle.
They would train in such a way
that, at the moment of orgasm,
you would control
the energy coming up
until it got to
this chakra right
here, which happens to be
right where the ankh is.
And then you would
send the energy
out the back, which
is the meaning of,
you must receive the
ankh from behind.
It won't work going
out the front.
The polarity is such
that it doesn't work.
And so it goes out the back.
It comes around.
It goes through this
point, which is where--
the top of the head--
and curves down.
And the energy comes right
back to the same place
again and puts the energy
right back into your system
and actually strengthens
rather than weakens.
And there's all
kinds of thoughts--
even in Egyptian thought--
of exactly how to do this,
in terms of controlling
and these kinds of things.
And I'm not going to
get into all of that.
But I do want you
to be aware of it.
And you can begin to--
if you start
experimenting, you probably
will remember very
quickly something.
Because it's ancient.
It's very, very ancient.
But that was the real--
this hidden Egyptian meaning
behind what that is about.
Just to go on this
a little bit more,
the Egyptian idea
of tantra, which
I started talking about
before, is so complex,
it's hardly imaginable.
No wonder it took them 12 years
to even begin to get through it.
They saw that there was eight
different personalities--
and we might have
talked about that--
didn't I-- associated with
the eight original cells
that are associated with the
eight electrical circuits.
And their idea of
reincarnation is that, OK,
I'm focused in here right now.
Well, that means that
I've got my grid arranged
around my body in
such a way that I
have one of the
personalities that is opened.
But they would teach them
how to rotate this grid
or spin this grid spin
around to other ones.
And a totally, completely
different person steps forward.
It's very interesting,
and we've done experiments
with several people on this.
And it is very, very
interesting, I'll tell you.
And each one of you has four
females and four males in you.
And in each case, you'll have
an older male, a little bit
younger, a little bit
younger, and usually,
one that most people would
find was about a teenager.
And then you'll have an
older female and et cetera,
all the way down to teenager.
And so what happens is,
the first time you ever
come to Earth, you have to first
go around and hit all eight.
You'll tend to rotate
to all eight places.
I've only been here twice,
only one other lifetime.
I just got here.
And so I've only got two places
on my cube that are activated.
But you'll first go
through all eight places.
And then you might
come to one, and you
may run down that one for a
certain number of lifetimes
and then switch to
another one and do
another certain
number of lifetimes,
and then switch to another one.
And so you're trying to complete
yourself in all these eight
different possible ways.
And the Egyptians have you
work with the sexual energy--
we're just talking about
sexual energy flow in this one.
But they have you work
not only with the flow
but with the polarities
within yourself,
the male-female eight
personality and flows
within your own self, and
simultaneously with the five
different flows that
are moving up here,
associated with
each one of those.
And then all of the possible
sexual polarities-- and there's
64 of them, according
to the Egyptians, which
the Yijing happens
to be an exact mirror
of their philosophy.
And if you notice
the Yijing, it goes
from male to female, male
to female, male to female,
each one of them.
And they're all
associated in there.
And it's a very complex system.
It takes them a long time.
When they finally get to the
very end of this whole thing--
at the very end of the
school, after 12 years--
they bring them in there.
And whoever's in their body,
whichever personality is out
there, by this
time, they know how
to move and rotate this thing.
And that takes real skill
in learning how to do that.
And they will have
them then bring
forth in very rapid
succession all
eight of the beings
of themselves,
all the eight
components at once.
They have a conference,
at which point,
they compare within themselves
or within yourself what
you've learned in this way.
So in other words, you
have eight different things
coming out here, each
one being a lifeline.
So, in other words, if you were
to go back into your past lives,
you're almost certainly going
only back into one of them.
You've got seven other lines
going out there that you may not
even know are even there.
And as long as you keep that
this thing fixed at one place,
you're not going to
know they're there,
no matter how much hypnotherapy
or anything else you got.
It's not accessible
through hypnotherapy.
The whole circuit has to change.
And so they will bring
them all in at once.
And then they'll all kind
of compare their experiences
and what needs to be worked on
and everything else like this,
to find this balance in
the cube in this aspect.
That was the emotional balance.
This is what they did.
It was very, very,
very complex work.
I worked with it for two years.
And it was so complex,
I couldn't believe it.
Yeah?
>> And would be the multiple
personality created by some
people?
>> It is, in most cases, unless
you're possessed and this kind
of thing, if you've got to--
assuming you're clean and you
don't have anybody in there,
then all you got to do is--
you can be sitting here.
And if you know how, just
turn your thing, your field,
just rotate it.
You could be sitting in there.
And all you got to do is, if
you were looking out there,
just rotate your
field, like that.
Do another one over here.
And you won't believe
what'll happen.
A whole different person
will step forth out
of your body, which
is really you.
It's not a different person.
It's a different aspect of your
spirit, a different reflection,
a different series
of experiences
that that part has experienced.
There are those hands
going up, everybody.
[LAUGHTER]
He's got it.
I can--
>> The other question was
about raising the sexual energy
and ankhing it.
Is that something that's done
during the entire time of making
love?
Or is that something that's
done at the time of orgasm?
>> It's only done at
the moment of orgasm.
>> If you take the--
if I show you your ankh,
I can explain to you
better what the question
is that I've got.
>> OK.
I can show you mine.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, my ankh.
Oh, OK.
>> Ankh.
OK.
So here, this thing
goes this way, right?
>> No, it's sitting like that.
>> This way.
I thought that was
supposed to be the arms.
>> Well, you mean when it shows
it with the little arms doing,
like, this thing?
>> But I thought that was
supposed to represent the arms
of a person.
>> Not from this
way of thinking.
I don't know who
came up with that.
But there is one
on the walls that
shows the ankh and
these two things
being these two arms that came
out from there, like that.
>> Right.
>> But according to TSOTH, this
could only be seen from the side
and not from the front.
>> When you're bringing
up the sexual energies
and you're feeling
these lines up,
are you creating a sphere
in there before the moment?
>> Where, here?
>> Yes.
You're creating
a sphere of area?
I mean, you could feel the
energies coming out and--
>> No.
>> --a different direction.
>> If you are, I know it's just
up, and then you just direct it.
It'll go automatically
once you--
if you don't do anything,
it'll just go up.
But if you direct
it at that moment,
it will very easily move.
And you'll find
that it will just--
there's an actual energy
tube running around there.
So once you turn one channel
off and open the other one up,
it will just sort of
automatically do this thing.
You don't even hardly
have to do much.
It'll just automatically come
back around this other channel.
>> So I'm feeling, at
times, it'll come out from
the shoulders first, and then
it'll start coming in a full
sphere.
But I haven't yet experienced
coming out and coming back
around.
>> Well, what I teach relative
to the Merkaba is that it comes
back around one time.
And as soon as it hits,
then you immediately
send the energy from the
two ends down to this place
and radiate out
into a big sphere.
>> Thank you.
[LAUGHTER]
>> OK.
>> When you were speaking
about the tie-in,
saving their whole civilization
by teaching tantra,
is it because they're teaching
all the different aspects
and how to accept
all the aspects,
as well as creating the Merkaba?
Is that what
stabilized everything?
>> Yeah, they didn't teach just
energy flows and these kind
of things.
Whatever they did changed them
so much that they taught that
and how it relates to
everything, not just to--
is that what you mean?
>> Yeah, does that
system still exist?
>> Well, to the degree that--
well, they were the founders
of the Mitel ministry school.
And this is Mitel ministry
school information.
This is what they were teaching.
>> When you were saying that
you studied this for a few years
and how complex it is, is that
the system that the Kainai used
to save their civilization?
>> Yes, I think so.
And there is a way
that, from this system,
that you can meet
interdimensionally
and all these other things.
But I only got a
little ways to--
and I only studied for two
years, and then they left.
And so I didn't get it all.
I only got a certain
amount of the information.
Though, I know I
have the rest of it.
And I'm still studying
what all of that is.
They left me with all the keys.
I know where it all is and
where all the information is.
But it's a long process.
So it isn't
something that can be
done in a short period of time.
>> Is the Merkaba, the creation
of the Merkaba, part of it?
>> Yes, it is, except that I'm
not real sure if they fully
understood the Merkaba
in all of its--
and this was the area that--
when you go back to 52,000 years
ago, much of the processes
that they were using were real
primitive.
And to what's being
taught here, I
don't think they understood
all the things that
were understood here.
Because one of the
first things that TSOTH
did when I came in here--
I was directed to go to him.
And there's parts
of the story that--
I don't say everything.
I can't say everything.
One of the very first
things that happened was--
the reason that I
was directed to him
was, I had to get his memories.
Because I haven't been
here but for a short--
I only got here in 1819.
So I haven't been
here for very long.
I don't have those memories.
So I needed his memories.
And he needed the
information of the Merkaba.
So we exchanged.
And I gave him--
that was the first thing
he wanted before even we
started getting into anything.
He wanted the information
on the Merkaba,
which they were lacking.
They had developed
certain degrees of it
and certain aspects of it.
But they didn't know
all of everything
that we have brought back
from a much higher level.
>> So who taught you
the Merkaba then?
>> I've known it for a
long, long, long, long time.
And nobody really
had to teach me that.
I brought it down here.
And it doesn't belong to me.
It belongs to all of us.
We all know it.
But I brought that with me.
That was the one thing
I brought with me.
But it was what I would call my
great-great-great-grandfather,
Machiventa Melchizedek, who was
the one that re-instructed me
on the use of it as
soon as I got here.
And so I guess, if I had
to say where it came from,
that's where it came from.
And he's the one
that has been here.
He's been here for a
little over 200,000 years,
watching over this experiment
that's been taking place here
of consciousness,
making sure that,
to the best of its ability,
nothing goes too crazy.